...four-term
incumbent Gotham mayor
Don Mitchell, Jr., was
found murdered last night in...
...his tough war on drugs...
...notorious Mafia
crime figure,
Salvatore Maroni...
...sources tell GC1
that a warrant
for Falcone's arrest
is suspected to reach...
...the second
high-profile murder
in as many nights.
This time, the killer
hasn't come forward to claim...
We interrupt
election coverage now
for some breaking news.
We are getting
unconfirmed reports
about a series of explosions
along the city's seawall.
And we are live
watching the Batman vigilante
atop Gotham Square Garden
helping save the lives
of hundreds of injured victims
after devastating explosions
took out the city's seawall.
We will rebuild.
But not just our city.
Together, we will learn
to believe in Gotham again.
It's been a week
since the terrorist
known as The Riddler
blew up Gotham's seawall.
And as the death toll climbs,
Gotham residents are demanding
answers from authorities.
While the wealthier suburbs
have been spared,
it's Gotham's
poorest neighborhoods
that have been hit the hardest,
especially in Crown Point.
Looting and rioting
have become the norm.
Combined with the scarcity
of illicit drugs
and an increase
in gang warfare,
the city has reached
a boiling point.
The murder of longtime mob boss
Carmine Falcone
outside the Iceberg Lounge
has complicated efforts
to restore order,
creating a power vacuum
in Gotham's underworld.
Rumors are swirling
that Carmine's son,
Alberto Falcone,
is set
to take his father's place
despite his public struggles
with alcohol.
After this shakeup
in leadership,
insiders worry
about their future
within the Falcone organization
and wonder what will become
of Gotham's
most notorious family.
Oh, beautiful.
Beautiful, beautiful, beautiful.
I see you've made yourself
at home.
Hey, Alberto, you're here.
Good. Saves me a trip.
What the fuck
are you talking about?
These jewels belong to you.
Your dad made that clear.
But some of the guys,
well, you know,
they're goddamn scavengers.
So I thought I'd do you a solid.
As a show of support for...
your new position.
Well...
congratulations.
I only wish it had been
under different circumstances.
Carmine...
he was a...
He was a great man.
You got some big shoes to fill.
Not too big.
I mean, you know,
manageable shoes.
You think I'm an idiot?
You greedy prick.
My father's been dead a week.
Hey, Al.
You all right?
'Cause we keep a stash
in the loft if you want a hit.
That's not why I'm here.
Of course not.
I was only saying--
You don't get it.
Everyone's looking to me now.
I got this deal going, and...
I can't. I gotta
keep my head on straight.
Yeah, you're right, Boss.
I got no idea
the pressure you're under.
But you're
Alberto Friggin' Falcone,
the new kingpin of Gotham.
We should celebrate that.
Listen, staying off the Drops,
good on you.
But booze don't count.
Does it?
So this new deal
you got going...
Maybe I can help.
You know what
I like most about you, Oz?
You are who you are,
and you couldn't change
if you tried.
Ain't that what makes me fun?
Yeah, go on.
This shit's good.
Good.
But after a while,
you get curious.
There's gotta be something else
out there,
a new kind of high.
So you're gonna, what?
Alter the formula?
We're not just adding ketchup
to fries, man.
I'm talking about
revolutionizing the game.
Fuck. Look at you salivating.
Fine.
You got a girl?
Good-looking guy like you...
Here.
Just keep quiet.
I can't have Viti and those guys
knowing what I've got going
until this new drug's
up on its feet.
Thanks, Boss. It's...
real generous.
Pop always said
you were a good soldier.
It's what he liked most
about you.
But he also knew
you were a dirty soldier
who skims money off the top.
It's okay, man.
You were smart about it.
Never took enough
for Pop to mind.
See, he knew what it meant
for a guy like you
to get a piece.
How it made you feel.
And that was good for business.
Carmine Falcone was a master
at the carrot and stick.
See what I got on?
Your dad's ring. Nice.
Wasn't always his.
Used to be Salvatore's.
-Salvatore Maroni?
-He wore Sal's ring as a trophy.
The ultimate fuck-you.
This is power, right?
Wanna try it on?
Nah.
It's yours.
Yeah.
I don't know, man.
You think I could be
as good as him?
Get his kind of respect?
Your father?
Sure, Boss.
If you want.
But there are different kinds
of power.
When I was kid,
there was a gangster,
real old-school type,
Rex Calabrese.
He was a big deal.
Yeah. At least,
in my neighborhood.
He helped people.
When someone in your family
was sick,
he'd find you a doctor.
Short on rent,
front you the cash.
Knew everyone's names, too.
I don't know how he kept them
all in his head, but...
He saw you on the street,
he'd call out to you,
ask how you were.
Felt like he meant it, too.
When I'm 14 or something,
he has a heart attack and dies,
still holding his cigar.
In my neighborhood,
they throw a parade
in his honor.
A friggin' parade.
I mean, it wasn't fancy,
but it was the gesture...
the show of love...
of what he meant.
Can you imagine?
To be remembered like that?
Revered?
What is this?
You want me to be like
some small-time asshole?
-Nah, that ain't--
-For what?
Would that make it easier
for you to take what's mine?
Or is this you?
What you want?
No.
Holy shit, it is!
This is your dream.
It's so sweet, too.
And so pathetic.
You really think people'd make
a float of your dumb face
and march it down the street,
chanting your goddamn name?
"Oswald Cobb.
Remember him? What a guy!"
What a little bitch!
Aw, fu--
Hurry up, bro.
Relax. I got it.
Hey, help him out.
Hurry up, man.
Just turn the damn thing.
Hey!
-Oh, shi--
-You sons of bitches!
Go! Go!
Get the fuck out of here! Go!
-Oh, shit!
-Hey!
-Wait. Wait. Okay, I'm done.
-Go! Go!
-Please! Please! All right.
-Don't you try and run.
I'm sorry. I-I'm sorry. I'm--
Don't move,
you twat-faced little prick.
Trying to steal my shit!
-Hey!
-Shut the fuck up.
You wanna shout again?
You wanna fucking shout again?
You messed with
the wrong fucking guy
on the wrong fucking night.
P-p-p...
Please, please, please.
Don't, okay, please?
P-please!
-Please, don't--
-Jesus! Take a breath.
What have we got here?
"Victor Aguilar."
I'm keeping your ID.
Walk. That way.
Head first.
Fucking foot! God damn it!
Hey! Hey, look at me.
How far do you think you'd get?
This scumbag,
he disrespected me.
-You gonna disrespect me, Vic?
-No. No.
No. 'Cause you and me,
we're in this together now.
Which means...
I own you.
Look what you
fucking made me do.
You're gonna do
everything I say.
Or else I'll murder you and...
anyone you care about.
-You got it?
-Yeah.
Beautiful.
I feel better. You feel better?
Yeah.
Good.
Now, you wanted my car so badly,
you can drive.
Go on.
Make a left up here.
Okay.
This fucking douchebag...
Here we go.
Got you now, you piece of shit.
S-should I--
What do you think of this?
It's a... little air freshener.
Aqua Paradise.
-You smell it?
-Mm-hmm.
It's nice, huh?
-It's nice, yeah.
-Mm-hmm.
Yeah, it's nice.
194 Tower Avenue.
The old tenement on Sixth.
I'm from the Eastside, too.
I mean, not Crown Point.
Further out from the port.
You ever been
to that corner mart?
Next to the...
Coin-O-Matic?
Buddy's?
Yeah, Buddy's.
Oh, man.
They still sell
those Slush Puppies?
I th-think so.
Me and my brothers,
we used to go there
every day in the summer.
You know, we'd mix the flavors
for a suicide.
You ever mix the flavors?
Huh-uh.
Aw. You missed out.
You know, but I'd like to.
You know, like in the...
in the future.
Take a left here.
Hi, Daddy.
Wanna come party with us?
Nice car. Can I get a ride?
Wh-wh-what about the body?
Is that safe on the street?
Why?
Your friends wanna steal it?
Do me a favor, kid.
Shut your goddamn mouth.
-Lookin' good. Ladies.
-Hey, Oz.
-Who is this?
-Good to see you.
Looks brand-new.
Like what you see, sweetie?
-Hey.
-Oz.
Baby.
-Everything okay?
-Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Who's your friend?
You alone?
I... I ain't trying
to get in your business, but...
I need an alibi.
Ideally, for the whole night.
Sounds like we had fun.
I'm serious, Eve. Yeah.
Can you help me out?
Anytime after 10,
but not before.
All right, that'll work.
Thanks, doll.
I'll call ya.
You hungry?
I'm hungry. Let's go.
Stupid night.
I asked for extra pickles,
and they give me two?
So what, a normal amount
of pickles is one?
Makes no goddamn sense.
You want one of mine?
Do I want one of your pickles?
That your dirty little mouth
touched? No, kid, I don't.
Jesus.
Shit! Would you look at that?
Imagine if you
and your buddies came here
instead of trying
to steal from me.
Coulda saved you
a lot of trouble.
What was your plan anyway?
Sell 'em to a scrapyard
for some extra dough?
You got a dollar
in your wallet, kid.
Can you afford
to think that small?
No goddamn ambition.
Snuff out the fire.
We're losing time.
All right, good here.
On three.
You know what? Just do it.
Hold up there, chief.
There's a nice sunrise
behind you.
You should take a look.
Go on.
Please don't do this. No.
Hey, wait.
No, no, no, no.
Hey, hey, hey, hey!
Whoa, whoa, whoa! Hey!
Stop!
Ever had one of these?
There you go.
His name's Alberto Falcone.
He's the new king--
Well, was the new kingpin
of the Falcone mob.
Yeah.
So, the smart play here
is to kill you
and stuff you in the trunk
with Stinky,
-be done with both of youse.
-No, no, no.
We-we don't have to--
It's a goddamn fact, Vic.
It just is.
No, no, no, no, no.
Wait. Wait! Hold on!
You can't.
I could help you.
You know?
With whatever you need,
I can help you.
Yeah. And how do I need you?
I got ambition.
And I'm not...
I'm not a waste, okay? I'm not.
I could... I could help you
w-with whatever it is.
Wh-wh-whatever you need,
whatever it is, all right?
I just--
Please, I need a chance.
-I need a chance!
-All right, calm down.
Well, maybe it'd be useful,
keeping you around.
For now.
See if you got what you say.
But if you step out of line
just once,
I swear to God, I'll gut you
like a fucking fish.
Do you understand?
Yeah. Yeah. Yes.
-Do you understand?
-Yeah. Yeah.
Good.
Now, shut the fuck up.
I wanna watch the sunrise.
We ain't got a lot of time.
I gotta be at work soon.
'Cause, you know,
it's any other day.
You can use the sink
to clean up.
Touch anything, I'll know.
Look at this.
What that fucking madman did.
Hey, Nick, come here.
Bring a pen
and one of them envelopes.
What's up?
Get this to Councilman Hady.
He's a... big fan of Bella Reál.
He...
likes to tout himself
as one of the good ones,
but he got into
some serious debt with Carmine.
We all got our own vices.
All right.
Make sure he knows
it's from me, all right?
Come on, kid.
Hey, Doc. How we lookin'?
Well, we've recovered
about 30% of the product.
There's a risk of contamination.
Most of the Drops
were fished out of sewer water.
That ain't gonna stop Dropheads
from buying it.
-No.
-Give the people what they want.
All right.
Get him in.
What the fuck is that?
Mikey, what the hell happened?
Got jumped by the Odessa Mob,
maybe.
Or Burnley Town.
I don't know. It happened fast.
But they got
the whole fucking stash.
-What the fuck? Son of a bitch!
-Yep.
Now we got every asshole
on the street testing fences.
-It's fucking crazy.
-Oz!
-What?
-It's the Family.
-They wanna talk to you.
-Yeah.
Get him outta here, to the back.
You got it.
Let's get the man up.
Let's go, buddy.
Come on.
Yeah.
So, what does that...
what does that mean exactly,
to... to be called in?
Could mean anything.
Do you... do you think
that they know?
Jesus, kid.
Am I holding
a fucking crystal ball?
It's all a song and dance.
Nine times out of ten,
these top-tier guys
wanna meet face-to-face
to feel big,
so I make myself small,
they feel better
about themselves,
and I get to go back to work.
This is us.
Damn!
All right, listen,
if I don't come out...
Nah, I'll be fine.
You'll be fine.
It's gonna be fine.
I'm messing with you, kid.
All right, just sit tight.
Maybe look
for your sense of humor.
It's gotta be here somewhere.
Fellas.
Johnny. Milos.
Have a seat.
Lot of pomp and circumstance
to be coming out here like this.
Not that I'm complaining.
So, we got something
to celebrate or what?
We've decided
to shut down the plant.
We're gonna move all operations
to Robbinsville.
Hold up.
What are you talking about?
There's a lot less heat
in Robbinsville.
Yeah, there's
a lot less business, too.
You know how much cash
my guys bring in?
This is my operation.
You can't just shut it down.
No.
This is our operation.
It's our guys.
You work for the Family.
Have you forgotten that?
Oz, we're consolidating.
Most of the supplies,
they were damaged in the flood.
Actually, that ain't true.
Nah, we recovered
a lot of the product, 70%.
It doesn't matter, all right?
The police are circling.
Got a target on our back.
Gangs encroaching.
There's blood in the water.
Everyone knows it.
-And you wanna bail?
-Jesus Christ!
If we don't protect what's ours,
we look weak.
This isn't your call.
You're handing the Maronis
or someone worse
the keys to the fucking kingdom.
Don't you get that?
The last thing we need
is a goddamn gang war!
Now, Milos asked you here
as a courtesy,
because he's a courteous guy.
I am not.
You will do as you're told.
You're free to leave.
Well, wait a second.
What if I could fix it?
This?
I mean, at the end of the day,
this is all about money, right?
Maybe we don't see eye-to-eye
on every little thing.
You know,
maybe you don't like me.
That's fine.
I'm an acquired taste.
But I make you money.
And I got wind
of a shipment coming in.
I don't wanna tout it too much,
but it's big.
In fact, it's got the potential
to revolutionize
the drug business.
-What kind of shipment?
-I can't reveal the details yet.
Nah, nah, but it's brand-new.
Something that'll help us
expand beyond Drops.
And all you guys gotta do is
sit back and reap the rewards.
I'll oversee the whole thing.
I'll use some of the crew.
I'll run it out of the plant.
Was that a yes or...?
Sofia, please, join us.
Oh, I didn't mean to interrupt.
Oz, you remember
Carmine's daughter?
Yeah.
Sofia...
I thought you were still at...
-Arkham?
-Yeah.
No.
I've been rehabilitated.
Have you asked him
about my brother?
-I thought we agreed--
-Have you heard from Alberto?
-Sofia, please...
-Al?
He went out last night,
he refused his bodyguards,
and he never came home.
Sofia, that's enough.
I better get out of your hair.
You know, let you...
So we can talk about this again?
Shut it down.
You have 48 hours.
I'll get it done.
You know, whatever...
whatever helps the Family.
And it's good to see you.
Fuckin' assholes.
Oz.
A moment.
You never gave me an answer.
Have you seen Alberto?
Oh, yeah. Right.
No. No.
He's the boss now,
so he's a busy man.
But I'm sure he's fine.
They said the same thing.
-Milos and Johnny?
-Mm-hmm.
Well, they'd know.
Well...
Better get back to it.
This is yours?
This? Yeah.
Purple.
Very subtle.
Well, technically, it's plum,
you know?
Leather seats
come standard, too, so...
You've really moved up
in the world, haven't you?
What happened here?
Punk kids tried to steal my rims
a few days back.
I missed,
but they got the message.
We're long overdue
for a catch-up, you and me.
Let's get a bite to eat.
-Right now?
-Right now.
I know a place.
Another dirty martini.
Three olives.
You ready for another one?
-You can make that two actually.
-Right away.
It's a bit stuffy for my tastes.
My father used to bring
me and Alberto here
when we were kids.
He paid us to keep our elbows
off the table.
Well, who's stopping you now,
huh?
There you go.
You think they're wondering
if it's really me?
Well, I would.
What, is a psycho killer
just roaming around free,
having a salad?
What did the Gazette call me?
The Hangman?
The guards insisted
that I read every article,
that I see all the stories.
If only I'd been
a dutiful daughter.
Are you nervous, Oz?
Nervous?
I'd hate for you
to feel nervous with me.
'Cause despite what you
might think, I don't blame you.
You know, if you hadn't gone
to my father...
He left you no choice.
Yeah, sure.
But I coulda done something--
Let's not do that.
Daddy is dead.
And we are...
untamed.
Alberto told me he was going
to your club last night
to get to my father's loft.
I insisted I go with him, but...
he's been so protective of me.
He didn't want me
leaving the house.
It was all part of this plan
he cooked up.
It was our shared secret.
But then today, I hear you
talking about revolutionizing
the drug business,
and it just doesn't sit right.
How do you know about his plan,
and why on Earth
would you pitch it as your own?
You know, it's so brazen
that you either have to be
blindingly stupid
or wildly confident
that he isn't coming back
to reclaim it.
So, I'm going to ask you again.
Do you know where my brother is?
Listen, Sofia...
I'm an asshole.
But you're the surprise here.
Excuse me?
Al never told me you was back...
or that you were in on
this thing with us.
Yeah, he's keeping us both
in the dark,
and I don't know why.
But you're right.
Alberto trusted me.
And my stupid mouth...
You know, I screwed up.
Maybe you could put in
a good word.
I mean, I don't wanna
put that on you, but...
He was so passionate
about his plan,
I thought there's no reason
not to move forward,
just 'cause he's
on another bender, you know?
I mean, the shipment arrives
in a few days, right?
What do you mean "a bender"?
Al's an addict, sweetheart.
He's got a penchant for Drops.
And booze and gambling.
I'm pretty sure
he's got a sex thing, too.
So yeah, this ain't
the first time he's gone AWOL.
But he always comes back.
Look, if he was at my club,
I wouldn't know.
I was actually
drowning my sorrows
with my lady friend
last night, Eve.
If it'll make you feel better,
let's you and me go there now.
Come on. We'll scour the joint.
I doubt anything will turn up,
but it's worth a shot.
You know, whatever puts
your mind at ease.
No, Oz, you're right.
I'm probably just being crazy.
Let's stay and enjoy the meal.
I know I could use a good one.
He'll turn up, Sofia.
I'm sure of it.
Thanks for lunch.
I'll get the next one.
You know, Oz,
people underestimate you,
but not me.
I've always known
you were capable of more.
Where are we going?
Are-are we in trouble?
Scan the code.
See Gotham's true face.
-Scan the code?
-Get the fuck outta here.
Irving Grove.
Irving Grove Station.
This is yours?
Get in.
I ain't never taken
anyone here before.
You say a word to anybody...
You'll gut me like a fish.
Yeah, till you bleed out
and die.
Oh, and mind
your friggin' manners, too.
Here.
Don't move.
What're you doing here?
What do you mean
what am I doing here?
I came to see you.
Huh? Princess.
-You look handsome.
-Thank you.
-Put it on straight.
-Close your eyes.
-I got you something. Come here.
-What did you do?
I'll tell you when.
Wha... Wait. What did you do?
Okay, now look, keep 'em closed.
-They're closed.
-All right.
Open your eyes.
Oswald, it's too much.
-No.
-It's perfect.
It suits ya, Ma.
-Thank you, sweetheart.
-You're welcome.
That's crazy.
Wait, wait, wait.
Was I expecting you?
-It's not Sunday, is it?
-No, it's--
-I didn't get--
-Nah, nah.
No, it's a special occasion.
We're gonna... We're gonna
leave town for a while.
Yeah. Take a little vacation.
A vacation? To where?
You know I hate flying.
Yeah. We're gonna drive.
We're gonna drive?
Who's gonna drive?
You gonna drive?
-Ma?
-What?
Why is this in the tub?
Your pills are ruined.
No. I take 'em every morning
with breakfast.
The tub is full.
The boys were playing
in the bath.
They didn't wanna get out.
What?
Oh, nothing.
How about let's take your meds
right now, huh?
Just to be sure.
I took 'em.
The pills are by the sink.
Oswald!
Someone's here.
-Get out of my house!
-Hi. I'm...
Who the hell is this?
Who the hell are you? What?
-Shit! Ma, sorry. This is Vic.
-Get out!
He's gonna help
take care of you.
Just in case I need
to handle some things
while we're gone. All right?
-Huh. Vic?
-Yeah.
-What is he, a nurse?
-Kinda.
-No, I'm not--
-He's got nurse-like qualities.
I'll explain more
in the car. All right?
All right.
Ma, here's your water.
Take these two pills,
then we gotta go, okay?
There you go, okay?
Will you tell me first
what I did to lose your respect?
-What are you talking about?
-You come in here,
you're trying to buy me off
with a necklace?
Some bullshit about
an urgent special occasion...
Ma.
Did I raise my sons
to lie to me?
-Did I?
-No.
So, then what did you do?
What did you do?
Come on. What did you do?
I...
What did you do?
I shot...
Alberto Falcone.
He's dead.
It ain't safe for you here.
You understand?
Sofia Falcone's out of Arkham,
and she knows.
Or if she don't, she will.
Why'd you shoot him? Why?
Jesus, Ma, I ain't doing this
with you right now, okay?
Fine.
He fuckin' laughed at me.
All right?
-Now, can we go please?
-He laughed at you?
It was impulsive. It was stupid.
Is that what you wanna hear?
Jesus, I'm trying
to take care of you.
-Stop.
-I can't risk it.
I can't risk you.
I'm all you got.
-If something happened to me--
-Stop! Stop talking!
Do you hear the words
coming out of your mouth?
-Yeah.
-How weak they sound?
Like a little pussy boy?
Look at me.
Is that what you are, Oswald?
Weak little pussy boy?
No.
That's right.
'Cause you're mine.
You're my big, strong bull
of a boy.
You never forget that.
Come here.
Don't you see, dear?
What you did wasn't impulsive.
It was instinctual.
You shot that junkie piss-ant
because you wanted to.
Just like that.
Oh, you're so close now
to having
everything you ever wanted,
everything you deserve.
You wanna run? You wanna hide?
No.
This city is meant
to be yours, sweetheart.
What are you gonna do to get it?
Put the blame on Mame, boys
Put the blame on Mame
They once had a shootin'
up in the Klondike
When they got Dan McGrew
Folks were putting the blame on
The lady known as Lou
That's the story
that went around
God damn it, this chick.
But here's the real lowdown
Put the blame on Mame, boys...
Who's Mame?
It don't matter, kid.
That's the thing.
She's just a scapegoat.
That's the thing
that slew McGrew
So you can put the blame
on Mame, boys
Put the blame
On Mame
Listen, it ain't easy,
but your part in this...
it's the most important.
So don't say you're good
unless you are.
I don't know, Oz.
I don't know if I'm...
I've-I've n-never done
anything like this.
Listen, Vic...
the tenement where you live...
I know it's gone.
Nothing on Sixth
was left standing.
I don't know if you had family
or people in there...
but you made it.
You're standing right here.
I've been where you are.
And you heard my ma.
I mean, this...
this is one of those moments
where you gotta ask yourself...
what kind of life do I want?
You wanna spend your days
thinking small, stealing rims,
barely getting by?
Or do you want more
for yourself?
You saw how the Falcones live.
Can you imagine
living like that? Huh?
In a mansion,
maids and butlers and shit?
They don't even know
what they got,
'cause they always had it.
Never hungry.
Born full.
Not us.
The world wasn't built
for guys like us.
That's why we gotta take
whatever we decide is ours.
'Cause no one's gonna give it
to us, not without a fight.
Now, I coulda killed you.
I coulda put you
out of your misery,
but I didn't,
'cause you need
a guy like me, Vic.
But I gotta know.
No bullshit.
Can I count on you
to pull through?
Yeah, I...
I can do it.
I know you can.
What do you think? I hire
any schmuck off the street? No.
All right, go ahead.
Get outta here.
Keep your phone on.
Sal.
That's not my table.
Listen, Sal, I'm here
to make things right.
I'm done with the Falcones.
I wanna offer my services
to you and your family.
Well, that surprises me, Oz.
Really does.
'Cause I thought you liked
eating outta Falcone's ass.
Oh, you wanna throw stones?
Fine.
But from where I sit,
and where you sit,
I don't think
you're in a position
not to hear me out.
Way I see it,
the Falcone higher-ups are
a bunch of old men who don't...
No disrespect.
...who don't remember
what it's like
to get their hands dirty.
That's what they hire
guys like me for,
which means I got direct access
to the ground game.
I'm talking the Drops,
the dealers, the chemists,
the whole thing.
Next couple of days,
the Falcones are gonna do
something real stupid,
shut down the biggest
Drops operation they got...
I'm talking millions
of dollars' worth.
...and move to some bumfuck part
of Gotham,
which means a huge chunk
of their business
will be ripe for the taking.
And guess
who's in charge of the move.
I could give you
everything you need.
So your crew could just swoop in
and steal the whole fucking kit.
I play victim.
We split the payday.
You make it sound so simple.
But it's my guys
doing all the heavy lifting.
Yeah, revenge don't come easy.
Come on, Sal.
Don't you fucking miss it?
Respect?
That's really what Carmine stole
from you, ain't it?
He was a dirty rat.
He played us both for fools.
Ain't no changing that.
But he's dead,
and I'm here now,
and I'm offering you
the opportunity of a lifetime.
And this first hit,
it's just the beginning.
I know a lot more
than people think.
I'll keep playing double agent.
You and me,
we can tear down
their fucking empire
from the inside out.
What is it
you're really after, Oz?
I just told you what I'm after.
What do you mean?
I know who you are.
I know what you are.
I don't work with people
whose loyalty is for sale.
You think I forgot all the times
you schmoozed me and my boys
just to turn around and fuck us?
Thought I forgot that?
Huge drug bust does down
right under your nose,
and you got nothing
to do with it?
The fuck outta here.
Look, I can see you're upset.
Trust takes time.
But this ain't bullshit.
Whoever controls Drops
controls the streets.
You know that's right.
So how about this?
I'll come back
in a couple of days...
I never wanna see
your smug face again.
...we'll see
if we can't work something out.
It's good seeing you.
You look good.
-Fuck off.
-Think on it, Sal.
I almost forgot.
Ain't this yours?
Where did you get this?
Carmine. Wore it as his own.
The Falcones...
they been flaunting
what they done to you for years.
But how is it that you have it?
Maybe I'm more
than what you think.
What up? It's Victor.
Leave a message.
Fuck!
Nobody home.
Shit!
Go.
Let's go. Let's go. Let's go.
Come on, Vic. Shit, shit, shit.
What up? It's Victor.
-Shit!
-Leave a message.
Damn it, Vic!
Fuck!
Let's go.
Go. Go, go. Let's go.
Get the fuck out!
Come here!
I'll fucking...
Fuck.
It's a terrible feeling.
Isn't it?
Nothing left to hide behind.
The guards at Arkham
stripped us bare every morning.
It was humiliating...
being turned into a thing.
But after a while, I just
started to think, "Well...
...what's it matter?
There's nothing left anyway."
But my brother?
My brother
visited me every week.
And every week, he said
that there was something left,
and that he was gonna
help me fight to keep it.
I just wonder
how you see me, Oz.
If I am more
than a thing to play with.
You were right, though,
about the club and the loft.
That was all clean.
But outside...
Well...
The downside
of driving a plum car
is that it's very hard
to forget.
And so are you
when you shoot at a bunch
of kids in the street.
And this one...
says it all happened...
the night Alberto went missing.
I don't know.
What do you say?
You think I know this kid?
I don't know this kid.
You can't take
some teenager's word over mine.
So you're saying
that he's the liar?
-Yes!
-Not you?
Yes! Fucking yes!
Okay.
Hey, no. I--
That's what you wanted, right?
To have my reputation
precede me?
You are so good
at talking your way
out of things.
Even at the cost
of someone else's life.
Especially then.
Right?
The fuck you doing?
What are you doing?!
But my father
isn't around anymore
to reward you
with fancy suits,
and stupid cars...
Sofia.
...and a club that he lets
you believe is yours.
Sofia--
It's just you and me now, okay?
So I want you to think.
I want you to really think.
Am I crazy?
Is it all in my head?
Tell me. Tell me.
Tell me that I'm...
that I'm too emotional,
and that I have
an overactive imagination,
and that I shouldn't take things
so personally.
But first...
tell me he's alive.
Miss Falcone, please.
What the fuck is this?
Oh, shit!
You did good today, kid.
Thanks.
So, I gotta ask.
What happened?
I mean, we made a plan.
You were there.
Didn't we agree
the head alone
would be the most poetic,
and the pinky,
the cherry on top?
But instead,
the whole body's in there.
Just a pinky chopped off.
It felt...
well, small.
Yeah, right. No, I--
Look, I-I-I wanted to, right?
And I th-thought that I could,
but...
When I got to it,
and I'm thinking,
"Do I... Do I start at the front
and then hit the trachea?"
But then
when I got to his throat,
I started thinking,
"Do I cut from the back?"
And then I'm imagining
the spine and...
All right, all right, all right.
You know what? It's fine.
Room to grow.
Yeah. At least Sofia
got the message.
With Sal wearing that ring
around Blackgate,
Maronis ain't got no choice
but to take credit.
That's what matters.
Wait. S-Sal doesn't know?
I thought that
the whole th-thing we--
Jesus, Vic, relax.
We just put the Maronis
back on the map.
If Sal's got a problem
with that, then... fuck him.
I don't need him.
I don't need any of 'em.
From here on out,
there's no more playing it safe.
Drops are yesterday's game.
I'm gonna get whatever the hell
is in that shipment.
I'm gonna run this goddamn city.
And I want you in on it.
Really?
Yeah. You earned it.
You know, for the most part.
And guys like us,
we gotta stick together.
It's better, right? Come on.
When you mix the flavors?
Yeah, it's good.
No. It's not just good.
It's better.
It's the fucking best.